somehow I have no idea
why is the pc not driving properly anymore?
high as I like
as far as I know so far everything is correct
connected and so on that is the
graphics card either geforce gts 250
and that's because my pc started
that's not really big where
I should have had the pc on the 17 stand
there is where she was in condition
I had them just the next day
once again turned on or I want to
everything has done correctly
folded to graphic card cooler to
strange and I got loud
the pc just times with the main switch
opened here back then because again
turned on quite normal
and then it is just the beginning of the
This lift, therefore, who is faster
when he was normal
the graphics card lift there was still that
at the normal speed
Up here may not be what the
probably that's quite normal too
last thing I tried yet
here these greed all this stronger
somehow to stick or so far
I know that everything is now
right in there after all
this one plug here from a graphic
will be here for the first time with me
is then leads to the
hard disk here and solids goes
He also back up to the power supply
I have to be like him here, of course
the rem card should be installed
Here I have the two I do not know
what the plug holds exactly are there
synonymous of the graphics card just something behind
of course, everything is right in it and me
make it stronger again in the front
somehow it does not work because of me
Somehow everything is mixed up here
Unfortunately, this is still here
somehow now somehow both
back to normal speed
two fan-west I what I know
not what she loved right now because
that's not how things are
everything is normal
the boy also knows what
It is not whether one is now in the state
is heard cross-wait a minute just pure
to which one has now already this
funny and weird beeping
heard that we now high field or euro
of last want the normal of this
quite a while it just for example
As you know, I became faster
I have no idea why that is
should and a keyboard here for
example works at all
nothing was now the apartment
would come lights
4 of the monitor is synonymous not
not true
although for and free everything
Brand stuck and I've got older too
from multiple plug in he shows her
red bridge normal me very here the pc
everything green is properly there
be no idea why that is exactly
whether the mainboard scrap is the one
graphics card no idea is not
really so much land he flees for
answer her cattle
I do not know